Document TM management (#258)
mozilla-l10n/localizer-documentation: src/tools/pontoon/teams_projects.md

### Team page

Access a specific team’s page by selecting it from the Teams page or by appending a locale code to the end of the Pontoon base URL with `/{LOCALE}` (e.g [pontoon.mozilla.org/it](https://pontoon.mozilla.org/it) for Italian).

> The page header contains linguistic information about the current locale (plural form, writing direction, etc.), plus an indication of the overall status of completion and statistics. The statistics displayed in the rightmost column are active links to access the Localization page for all projects. For example, select `MISSING` to see all missing strings across projects enabled for that locale in Pontoon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The page header contains linguistic information about the current locale (plural form, writing direction, etc.), plus an indication of the overall status of completion and statistics. The statistics displayed in the rightmost column are active links to access the [translation workspace](translation_workspace.md) for all projects. For example, select `ALL STRINGS` to show all the strings for all projects enabled for a specific locale in Pontoon, or select `MISSING` to filter for all strings missing translations.
```

![Header of team page for Italian](../../assets/images/pontoon/teams_projects/team_page_header.png)

Underneath the header, the following tabs are available to navigate between various Team page panels:

* **Projects**: a list of all projects enabled in Pontoon for this locale.
* **Contributors**: a list of active contributors with their statistics, filterable by time (all time, last 12/6/3/1 months).
* [**Insights**](#insights-graphs): data and trends on contributor and localization activity.
* **Bugs**: a list of open bugs for the locale, retrieved from [Bugzilla](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/) (available in Mozilla's deployment).
* **Info**: information about the team. Team managers can edit this by clicking on the `EDIT` button.
* **Permissions**: [permissions management panel](users.md#managing-permissions) (available to [Team Managers](users.md#user-roles)).

> * **TM**: [translation memory management](#translation-memory-management) panel (available to [Translators](users.md#user-roles)).

Reviewer: Would this not also be available to Team Managers as well?

Author: Right, as "Team Managers can perform the same actions as translators" ([docs](https://mozilla-l10n.github.io/localizer-documentation/tools/pontoon/users.html#user-roles)). Feel free to suggest a change if you think we should make that more explicit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **TM**: [translation memory management](#translation-memory-management) panel (available to [Translators](users.md#user-roles) and [Team Managers](users.md#user-roles)).
```

Reviewer: @mathjazz - Made a suggestion.

* If a locale doesn’t have pretranslation enabled for any projects yet, it’s necessary to set up and train a new custom model, and this operation requires several hours.
* For `pontoon.mozilla.org`, each request will be evaluated against specific [opt-in guidelines](https://mozilla-l10n.github.io/documentation/tools/pontoon/managing_pretranslation.html#opt-in-guidelines-to-enable-new-locales).

### Translation memory management

> The TM ([translation memory](glossary.md#translation-memory)) tab lists all TM entries for the team. For each entry, source string and translation are provided, clicking on which leads to the translation workspace for the corresponding strings. Entries are only shown once for each unique combination of source string and translation. TM entries can be searched by the source string and translation using the Search field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TM ([translation memory](glossary.md#translation-memory)) tab lists all TM entries for the team. A source string and translation are provided for each entry, which upon clicking leads to the translation workspace for the corresponding strings. Entries are only shown once for each unique combination of source string and translation. TM entries can be searched by source string or translation using the `Search` field.
```
Minor adjustments for readability.

> The TM ([translation memory](glossary.md#translation-memory)) tab lists all TM entries for the team. A source string and translation are provided for each entry, which upon clicking leads to the translation workspace for the corresponding strings. Entries are only shown once for each unique combination of source string and translation. TM entries can be searched by source string or translation using the `Search` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TM ([translation memory](glossary.md#translation-memory)) tab lists all TM entries for the team. A source string and translation are provided for each entry, which upon clicking leads to the [translation workspace](translation_workspace.md) for the corresponding strings. Entries are only shown once for each unique combination of source string and translation. TM entries can be searched by source string or translation using the `Search` field.
```

The following actions are available:

> * **Edit**: after clicking the Edit button in the Actions column, the translation of the TM entry transforms into a textarea element and becomes editable. Next to it, Save and Cancel buttons appear. Clicking Save saves any changes to all corresponding TM entries and clicking Cancel cancels the editing action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Edit**: after clicking the `Edit` button in the Actions column, the translation of the TM entry transforms into a textarea element and becomes editable. Next to it, `Save` and `Cancel` buttons appear. Clicking `Save` saves any changes to all corresponding TM entries and clicking `Cancel` cancels the editing action.
```

> * **Delete**: after clicking the Delete button in the Actions column, the button changes into the Delete N TM entries? confirmation button (with N representing the number of corresponding TM entries). Clicking that button deletes all corresponding TM entries and clicking Cancel cancels the editing action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Delete**: after clicking the `Delete` button in the Actions column, the button changes into the `Delete N TM entries?` confirmation button (with N representing the number of corresponding TM entries). Clicking that button deletes all corresponding TM entries and clicking `Cancel` cancels the editing action.
```

> * **Upload .TMX**: after clicking the Upload .TMX button above the TM entry list, an Open file dialog pops up. The user then selects the [TMX file](glossary.md#translation-memory) to upload, the TM entries from the file start to import into the team's TM, and eventually a success or error message appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Upload .TMX**: after clicking the `Upload .TMX` button above the TM entry list, an Open file dialog pops up. The user then selects the [TMX file](glossary.md#translation-memory) to upload, the TM entries from the file start to import into the team's TM, and eventually a success or error message appears.
```

* **Contributors**: a list of active contributors with their statistics, filterable by time. Unlike the tab available in the Team page, this only includes contributions to localization of the project for the current locale.
* [**Insights**](#insights-graphs): contains data and trends presented in a graphical format about review activity and translation activity.
* **Project info**: information about the project.
* [**Insights**](#insights-graphs): data and trends on contributor and localization activity.
* **Project info**: same content as the Info tab in the Project page.
* **Team info**: same content as the Info tab in the Team page.

In addition to the Localization page for each locale/project pair, there is also a special Localization page that allows access to all resources for all projects enabled for a specific locale. This can be accessed from the `/{LOCALE}/all-projects/all-resources` URL (e.g. [pontoon.mozilla.org/it/all-projects/all-resources](https://pontoon.mozilla.org/it/all-projects/all-resources) for Italian).

> 

Author: This is not a Localization page.

Reviewer: `In addition to the Localization page for each locale/project pair, there is also a special page that allows access to all resources for all projects enabled for a specific locale. This can be accessed from the `/{LOCALE}/all-projects/all-resources` URL (e.g. [pontoon.mozilla.org/it/all-projects/all-resources](https://pontoon.mozilla.org/it/all-projects/all-resources) for Italian).`

Perhaps we can just delete "Localization" then instead of removing the whole thing.

Reviewer: (@mathjazz - tagging just because this isn't showing up in the main PR view)

Author: To me this paragraph is more suitable for the [Translation workspace](https://mozilla-l10n.github.io/localizer-documentation/tools/pontoon/translation_workspace.html#main-toolbar) doc, because the link leads there. I don't see the connection with the Localization dashboard.

Reviewer: Alright, I've reworked it, ignoring using the URL and just adding it to the existing description of the teams page header.
